Tasks

Goals:
Make a system that lets chain behaviours of garrisons in a flexible manner.
Make an abstraction of one garrison performing a specific task.
Make tasks compatible with leaves of behaviour trees, if they will be required in the future.


Things you can do with tasks:
	- Add a task to the top/bottom of queue
	- Remove a task from the queue
	- Set active task
	
States of tasks
Task can return one of these states: (like behaviour trees)
	- Success
	- Failure
	- Running

Task can return the reason of failure:
	- No vehicles available to perform the task
	- Units died
	- The destination location is currently under attack

Execution order
Tasks at the bottom at the queue are executed first.
Next task is executed if the previous one returns 'Success' state.
If the task returns 'Failure' state, request help from somewhere else???
After the task has been executed

Examples of tasks:
Provide transport - one garrison provides transport to another garrison.
	Parameters: - the garrison which receives transport.
	Completion conditions: the garrison being transported is still alive and has been delivered to the location.
	Failure conditions: the garrison being transported dies or there are no more vehicles that can provide transport.
	Examples:
		- a convoy garrison carries troops or cargo to a different location
		- a convoy delivers boxes somewhere
		- a helicopter provides air transport to infantry/vehicle
		
Get transport - one garrison gets transport service from another garrison.
	Parameters: - the garrison that provides transport
	Completion conditions: the garrison being transported has been delivered by a corresponding 'Provide transport' task.
	Failure conditions: the corresponding 'provide transport' task has been failed.
	Examples: a garrison with troops needs to be delivered somewhere.
	
Attack location - a garrison secures specified area from enemies.
	Parameters: - the position to secure.
	Completion conditions: area secured and no enemies found for XXX seconds.
	Failure conditions: withdrawal or death of the garrison.
	
Perform a single fire mission - a garrison(a group of artillery units) provides fire support
	Parameters:
	Completion ocnditions:
	Failure conditions:
	Examples:
	
Join garrison - a garrison fully joins another garrison
	Parameters:
	Completion conditions:
	Failure conditions:
	Examples: reinforcements join garrison of a military base